so we are about to turn this into our
Dream kitchen we're going to find the
absolute greatest appliances machines
and gadgets we're going to buy them
we're going to fit them and then we're
going to test them to find out if we've
made a big mistake so quite a few of the
big things already done we've got the
hob we got the oven we got the tap so
what do we need I guess we still need a
toaster so you might have seen I'm semi
obsessed with this Japanese brand called
balmudo yeah it's literally like the
first thing you make anyone experience
when they come into the house but I
thought if we're going for the most
high-tech kitchen is there a more
high-tech one and then I found this one
revolution Pro why didn't you just
screaming on a toaster tap your
toastiness level 1 to 7 and watch it
toast in half the time so this is
actually an interesting dilemma it's
either we go for the slow methodical
balmuda experience or the really really
fast toaster I think we need to test the
balmuda against this that's a fantastic
idea winner stays yeah I'm actually
curious like what's uh Tik Tok saying
about kitchens with the ninja creamy
you'll never buy ice cream again because
it turns just about anything into ice
cream frees your ingredients and it does
the rest it's just asking to be tested
let's try it they also do a slushy
machine which is either a complete waste
of space or a dream kitchen gadget I
can't actually tell we also need a
microwave the microwave is no longer
your kitchen's greatest I saw and then
it shows us
this interesting that's a TR sh this
one's actually okay in know 1,000 W
microwave but then it does 1100 W
powerful steaming we need a blender
smart blend technology I me they just
added the word smart to what it is 100
speed touch slider 100 speeds is a lot
of speeds
and a Sleek show stopping design I can't
imagine many people are going to be
stopping looking at this looks like the
best one
£849 for a blender so one other the
things someone really recommended we try
Sonic ice so it's made with flaked ice
compacted into cylindrical nuggets and
is love for its soft Airy texture that
makes it more pleasant to chew what kind
of psychopath chew their ice wo glacial
Pro so this is what it looks like we
already tiny in Pebble West wa yeah
super fast ice nuggets in 4 minutes wow
I have bought a lot of Gadgets in my
time but hits different when you're
buying it for yourself another thing we
don't have is a bin yeah I mean the
mounting bags of trash in the corner
reinforced our statement so what about
the one you have outside your studio
right now yeah it's a really good bin to
be honest it's got a little sensor and
anytime you wave over it it opens
straight away and it's really quiet as
well I wonder if there's something else
this is a pretty cool site yeah simple
human really nice actually it's very
much the vibe of this house this is
interesting is that what I think it
that's like a paper towel Hub and you
take out the middle and that's a spray
bottle that's minimalism sensor pump for
your soap yeah that that does make a lot
of sense doesn't it so you can control
how much you get based on where your
hand is put your hand up close to a
small da or further away from wall feel
like it's going to be a little bit of a
learning curve there like a couple of
times at the start you got to put your
hand
here be entire canister I think it's
just a standard dish R I really like it
it's clean oh yeah I just remembered
Robot vacuum cleaner one of the big
reasons why we actually bought this
house is is because every single floor
is just concrete floors with no seams
between the rooms so one Robot vacuum
cleaner will cover the entire floor and
this has to be the one so now that we
got all the basics it's time for the
weird and
[Music]
wonderful so doing the other things then
are dining table dining chairs B and we
had a very productive time at the
furniture shop finding all of them oh
ah this one looks
padded like it o this is the moment we
realized swivel was an absolute must for
us even for a dining chair oh oh my God
yeah that's incredible I feel like we
found something in this that we did not
know we wanted like the idea of this
rotating dining chair anytime someone
talks on a table you're looking at them
now in order to have a swiveling dining
chair we also needed to make sure that
we found table legs that were high
enough so the chairs don't get stuck and
tucked away enough that your legs aren't
banging into them as you move around o i
quite like the angular ones plus we also
found our Dream table top to go with it
hey what the I love the feel of it I
love how thin it is the legs don't
interfere for me it's made by a company
called reflex and what I found
absolutely fascinating about it is that
it looks like marble but it's actually
tempered glass thanks to a printing
technique that they've developed and
that has two major benefits they can
make it way thinner and they can add
this frosted matte finish which
seemingly makes it pick up zero
fingerprints do you mind if we grab one
of those moving chairs this could be the
perfect
combination are we getting it yeah we're
getting full rotation look at that so
that's our table our base and all dining
chairs locked in but there is scope to
add swivel to one more product this is
far beyond what I expected from a bar
stool I've used bar stools before but
they do not have the cushioning of this
the stitching of this the piping of this
and it's when you sit on it it just ah I
don't think we're going to get better
than this what do you think yeah okay
let's do
it now this was surprisingly the most
fun room to put together so far cuz this
is where it really dawned on us that
this is going to be our kitchen that we
cook every meal in every day that for
the first time we could optimize every
single micro aspect of it perfectly for
us everything down to the theme we
wanted to create the perfect little
reading look the programming of the
lights to be able to create the exact
scenes we
wanted and so I am buzzing to show you
the final product welcome to the dream
kitchen today we find out what is the
absolute best kitchen Tech in the world
through a combination of things that
we've already tested very thoroughly and
things that we're about to test together
now starting with this I've seen people
raving about this ninja slushy machine
probably once a week for the last 8
weeks on social media but then equally
that's never stopped us eventually
finding that something is still a stupid
idea so we got one we set it up and the
idea is that you can put anything in
here so long as it's got some sugar in
it so I'm actually going to say
something Rogue here but Red Bull is
probably my favorite tasting drink ever
so can this preserve that flavor while
actually making the texture even better
be so cool if it's also able to keep its
Fizz although judging by the amount of
effervescence in here I'm guessing it
won't whoa okay this is really exciting
but now right next to that is the Nugget
edible ice machine that we bought
earlier the way that we planned this
kitchen out is this is one of LG's
signature wine buets we got it with the
house but you know there's only so much
wine two people can drink so it's
actually also kind of the perfect place
to store everything you'd need for a
cocktail or a mocktail so then that
makes this the ideal place to store the
two gadgets related two drinks but
there's a dilemma with this one because
when we first bought the house and we
were deciding what gadgets to get for it
we didn't have a fridge here but then in
the process of trying to find the best
fridge we ended up with this the LG
instav view the key thing for me just
being that it's very space efficient you
can store stuff right up until the edges
I do find it really funny though that
their entire marketing and product name
centers around how you can knock to see
what's inside this one section like gee
I wish there was a fast way of seeing
what's inside a fridge but my point was
that this like many fridges nowadays has
an ice machine baked in this is clearly
the easier option it has a filter on the
inside and even disinfects its nozzle
each day with ultraviolet light so is
nugget ice from this machine here so
good that it's worth buying and keeping
around this extra pretty bulky machine
okay so water goes in the top
here so apparently if I just click quick
start it's going to start Ching out ice
in 4 minutes which needs to be tested
and so what it's doing right now is
freezing but also combining that frozen
water with air to create a lighter more
textured Ice Cube something's just
dropped into here but we are 5 minutes
30 in so feeling a little
misled oh it kind of looks like the
thing ate too much Indian food last
night been 19 minutes and we now have a
sizable portion of nugget
ice that was Dreadful and they normal
fridge
ice okay
aesthetically I actually don't think
that looks any better okay so you add
water to normal ice then water to the
Sonic ice it practically disappears on
the inside it's just not appetizing is
it it kind of looks like I've stuck a
load of cotton wool inside my glass now
for the big question is it more pleas to
ingest doesn't stop you getting brain
freeze that's for sure it just tastes
like crushed ice not impressed does that
mean I have to chew
[Music]
this there is a difference but there's
only a difference if you decide that
you're going to eat your ice at which
point if this is a 9.5 out of 10 on the
Pain Scale then this is still an eight
all right well this was actually a
fairly easy decision you get a three out
of 10 on the bright side though this
looks completely transformed like not in
the slightest bit like Red Bull anymore
which is both very exciting and
concerning this is a pretty big moment
whoa why does everything look like it's
taking a dump today that's actually
pretty slick I have to say so one thing
I can tell it's only been sitting here
for 30 seconds but the liquid has
separated to the bottom mhm oh my God
yeah that's the stuff it looks like just
really dry ice with all the liquid at
the bottom but this is actually melt in
your mouth perfectly shaped
deliciousness and whether this is
because it was originally a fizzy drink
or not it tastes fizzy it's that kind of
micro I texture fair play deserves the
hype that is a 9.5 out of 10 now onto
the other side I don't think we quite
appreciated when we first got the house
how crazy useful it is that it's been
pre-fitted with two identical
self-drying dishwashers right next to
each other so originally we bought a
dish rack to keep up here but actually
having two of these means that we don't
even need that because there's always
one dishwasher that's ready to load used
dishes into and one that makes sure that
we've always got clean stuff ready and
then for the few things that are just
too big for the dishwashers you just
hand wash them and you put them on this
which we got from Joseph Joseph and it's
such a clean little drying system but
cabinet 2 is the breakfast area we
decided that it's the most efficient
route to get bread from the fridge put
it into your toaster and then work your
way straight to the dining table but
which toaster I think this is going to
be such an interesting battle because
these are both basically the most
expensive toasters you can get but they
both do this toasting in completely
opposite ways so let's solve this once
and for all which is the best Toaster in
the world so the Bal Mudder is the way
simpler machine you put your bread in
you turn it on you set a timer and you
let it cook with the one twist being
that you can also fill it up with water
which coats the bread in a fine mist and
then because water heats up faster than
air it makes the outside crispy in the
inside fluffy the revolution Pro is well
it's definitely the more customizable
toaster so there's like 20 30 different
types of bread you can pick which ones
show up and what order they're in you
pick whether you're starting from fresh
or frozen and then even what toastiness
level you like oh my God the image
actually changes depending on what you
select so you can preview what your
toast is going to look like not to
mention you can do paninis with this
accessory and even becomes a warming
rack using this one okay let's set it to
a perfect free there we go 3 2 one
go a oh that is so slick now I got to
say between the two the balmuda looks
prettier and also we've only used this
revolution like twice and the entire
finish is covered in fingerprints it's
just really hard to keep clean but then
Counterpoint it does also have a
removable crumb tray and is even smart
enough to tell you when it's full so you
know when to remove it whereas the bow
mood is probably going to be a little
higher maintenance wait what think 5
Seconds To Go are you kidding
me wow that said while I am a great
appreciator of
speed that doesn't look anything alike
like if you're going to go as far as to
program what every stage of bread should
look like shouldn't you first
prioritizing making sure you can
actually make the bread look like that
okay so that took nearly three times as
long but tell me that is not a more
professional looking piece of toast I'm
not exaggerating when I say I think the
Bal muda's toast looks vastly more
appetizing let's bust them up it's the
best part of my day
this is a pretty average slice of toast
it's got a little bit of crisp on the
outside but it's also quite doughy
inoffensive but forgettable oh got to
make sure I eat an equal amount of this
toast you know just just to keep it
fair every time I compare the Bal muda
to something else I have the exact same
reaction it's just better every time I
take a slice of toast out of that baluda
my first impression is is damn that's
really hard but it's designed that way
so that when you add a little bit of
butter it softens it to the point where
it is perfect whereas that butter
normally makes every other piece of
toast a little too soft okay so there's
two slices of toast in front of you can
you taste them one by one and tell me
which one you think is better they're
very different
[Music]
colors oh I don't know
oh you're getting thre a lot of bread to
make this decision this is a better done
toast this is this kind of feels like
bread with butter o
skaing yeah off we go you toast mate
cabinet 3 is the lunch/dinner area hence
the microwave which has actually been
really good for us but it's a microwave
we don't need to dwell on that got to
say though one of the coolest things
about this kitchen is that it not just
has these hidden cabinets that you can
make disappear when you close the doors
but also that every single one of these
cabinets has four main sockets so that
we can keep every single appliance that
we want to use permanently plugged in
ready to go without clutching the main
island which as you can see brings me
great joy oh yeah in terms of the
smaller bits in this kitchen by the way
so we bought our dining equipment from a
company called fabal and it's been
amazing nothing has any seams for things
to get stuck in everything cleans in one
swipe it's completely scratchproof and
it's fine in the dishwasher we also got
our glasses from the same Fable company
because know me you know I cannot resist
bezeless things and these are probably
the thinnest glasses I've ever used
while being a lot stronger than they
look it's also just a really efficient
form factor because you're not carrying
any extra weight and your liquid
literally starts from the very bottom
cookware wise we settled on carway in
the end these things are like nonstick
to another level they look beautiful and
you can also tell that this is a company
who thinks about the little things like
for example how they ship them with the
magnetic holders that you need to store
them this thing has been an absolute
GameChanger it's a strainer that keeps
your pasta or rice completely upright so
that you can just pour away the water
and then let it sit without leaking and
then these are the man Kitchen Salt and
Pepper cannons which to my
disappointment don't actually launch
your pepper across the room but the
level of control you get here is insane
most normal meals can grind between 12
to 28 mesh size this can do 8 to 60 okay
so that's drinks that's breakfast that's
lunch and dinner all done well now it's
time for my favorite automation candl
light mode so let's do it it makes the
blinds come down it turns off all the
room lights except the one right over
the dining table and it makes all of the
Phillips Hues that we've hidden around
the room go to this lovely warm orange
color so cool and that feels like a
pretty good leading to dessert so this
is the Ninja creamy it is their ice
cream machine and even though this one
isn't as viral as the slushy machine my
prediction is that this is going to be
the underdog so here's my problem every
night like the moment I finish eating
dinner my body switches modes and
suddenly just starts craving dessert and
so the thing that I'm most curious about
is if I put into this just the standard
ingredients that I use to make a fairly
healthy chocolate protein shake so this
is just chocolate protein powder and
milk can this turn that into an actually
tasty ice cream so you start by ejecting
canister and then you place in your
prefrozen ingredients so in a sense
there is a little bit of prep cuz you
have to do this the night
[Music]
before this is actually just w most
expensive ASMR machine I feel like I
want some crunch in here oh
oats pretty healthy serving of that so
you get three options over here and then
ice cream oh my God it's going to take 2
minutes is that
[Music]
[Applause]
it now as you can probably tell this is
not the cleanest video we've ever filmed
but the reason that my face looks this
unbothered is because of what we have
here so we specifically asked robor Rock
if they were willing to sponsor this
video because their Q Revo slim is the
smartest robot cleaner I have ever used
like the navigation on this thing is
bordering on self-driving car levels
it's absolutely surrounded in 3D sensors
that are all upgraded and all work
together to form what they call the
starsight autonomous system and that
means that this robot deeply understands
your room for example with any other
Robot vacuum cleaner before letting them
go you have to first pick up any
obstacles you know a clump of cables or
some shoes you left around this robot is
so so aware that it will not just avoid
those
obstacles wow but it will identify them
it can recognize 73 different floor
objects and it will mark them on the
virtual map that it builds of your room
so you know what it avoided and it knows
that those objects are temporary so they
won't affect its understanding of a room
unlike something more permanent like a
dining table would it gets better though
because it's incredibly thin and the mop
and the side brush are extendable now so
it can fit under pretty much anything
and it can can also clean right up until
the very Corners so long story short we
have set up one of these on every floor
of the house they send themselves out to
clean while we're asleep they head back
to the dock on their own when they're
done cleaning they empty their own dust
bin they power wash their own mop we
don't really do anything anymore so link
below to check it out and now final few
finishing touches that take this from a
great kitchen into a dream kitchen so
the first is simple human so I have used
a couple of products from this simple
human company in the past but it's
actually getting more of them setting
them up properly in our own space that
has given me a whole new appreciation
for this company so here's how I would
describe these products they're not
cheap they strongly incentivize you to
lock yourself into the simple human
ecosystem but while do they make your
life easier if you're willing to put up
with that so for example this simple
human bin from the very first
interaction it's thoughtless you just
walk up to it and a sensor in front of
it will make it open there's a pod up
here perfect example of something they
want you to keep buying from them but
something that's also very effective at
making your trash just smell like 90%
fresh Citrus basically oh and by the way
for the remaining 10% we got the Bri 2
Pro air filter which is pound-for-pound
not the best air filter you can get and
the app is pretty unreliable but then
when you factor in how much it suits the
aesthetic of the room and how it also
acts as the scent diffuser using
essential oils I think it's worth it so
then let's say your trash is full
they've made every part of the process
easy you pull out these pretty rip proof
bags you pull the tags to fasten those
bags and then to put a new bag in you
don't need to go go rummage around under
your sink you just reach inside you grab
said new bag and these simple human bags
even let you know when you're running
low with a QR code that lets you order
new ones to arrive just in time before
they actually run out from you guessed
it simplehuman.com see what I mean about
the ecosystem now I'd actually go as far
as to say that their paper towel holder
though is even better so the paper towel
goes on the outside feet Regina Blitz if
you know you know it's held in place by
this arm so it doesn't actually matter
how much you've got left and this bottle
that sits on the inside it works even
better than I expected it to what an
insanely intelligent solution to bundle
together two products that often need to
go together anyway but then equally they
will try and sell you on their surface
cleaning tablets too which you mix with
water to form the solution that goes in
here but you can just fill it up with
anything but my number one favorite
product from these guys has actually
ended up being these sensor pumps I was
initially worried about buying another
Gadget that needs to be charged and also
filled up with soap every now and again
but
we've had like 2 months of heavy usage
and we haven't had to do either and it
saves so much hassle while cleaning to
just be able to wash your dishes with
this and wash your hands like this and
then of course take off the lid and this
is how you order your refills so on
brand right it looks like my protein
shake has been
creamed what did he say now we did have
to run this a few times because I think
at the beginning the mixture was so rock
solid that the blades inside of this
couldn't actually cut through wow look
at this
that Scoops up so nicely there's a
little bit of roughness to it I'm hoping
that's my oats as opposed to it being
icy oh yeah this is actually a game
changer I could actually steal myself
every night going forward pre- making
myself one of these and having a post
dinner but actually guilt-free treat
it's also not crazy messy like all we
have to clean afterwards is one two this
video was actually just an excuse to eat
you know when I first saw this creamy
machine and the slushy machine online
the very first thing that popped into my
mind was surely that's pointless cuz you
see so many gadgets like this like that
bartisan that I reviewed a while back
where all the work is actually being
done by the capsules or the preparation
you have to do beforehand and the
Machine is just a glorified mixer but
that's not the case with either of these
the end product would be almost
impossible to achieve
otherwise oh I think this is a
10 and then the final thing is just we
got really lucky with this kitchen it's
designed for 10 people to be able to
prep food at the same time without
bumping into each other it's got one
surface that we have to keep clean
there's no walls that you can backsplash
onto there's no handles on anything that
you can get caught in your clothing and
so knowing that we had such a good base
the biggest thing on our mind was just
how do we build the things we want into
this without interfering with it like we
wanted plants so we've put those quite
far back we wanted smart Philips Hue
lighting and so we found ways of weaving
that into this main island without
adding obstru instuctions we got the
Samsung frame TV as well here to add to
the earthy green fresh theme that we've
been trying to create but the box that
you need to control the thing we put it
inside the wall so that you can't see a
thing and that makes this for us the
dream kitchen Beyond a dream really this
is just wow really so I will catch you
in the Next Room hint I will be heavily
relying on that one especially over
Christmas time